c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\MartiniBar.dll
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\MartiniBar.pdb
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\MartiniBar.MartiniBar.apk
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\MartiniBar.MartiniBar-Signed.apk
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\obj\Debug\MartiniBar.dll
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\obj\Debug\MartiniBar.pdb
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\obj\Debug\android\bin\MartiniBar.MartiniBar.apk
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\obj\Debug\MartiniBar.dll.mdb
c:\users\jbriceno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MartiniBar\MartiniBar\bin\Debug\MartiniBar.dll.mdb
